operator: make templated crds specless (#2419)
VictoriaMetrics/helm-charts: charts/victoria-metrics-operator/CHANGELOG.md

## Next release

> **Update note 1**: CRD template was replaced by CRD upgrade job. `Values.crds.plain` property was removed. Consider replacing it with `.Values.crds.upgrade.enabled: true` if automatic CRD upgrade is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update note 1**: `Values.crds.plain` property was removed. Automatic CRD upgrade is now enabled by default with `.Values.crds.upgrade.enabled: true`, which creates a job to perform the upgrade.
```
